Page 1:
SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
This SUPPLY AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made as of November 18, 2015 (the “Effective Date”) by 
and between Cimens, INC., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business located at 75 Central Street, 
N.W., Suite 400, Atlanta, GA 30308 (“Supplier”), and Midic, INC., a Minnesota corporation with its principal place 
of business located at 700 Second Parkway, Minneapolis, MN 55432 (“Purchaser”). Purchaser and Supplier may 
be referred to herein individually as a “Party” or collectively as the “Parties.” 
WITNESSETH 
WHEREAS, Supplier has considerable experience in the design and manufacture of microelectromechanical 
sensors; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain License and Development Agreement of even date herewith (the 
“License Agreement”), Supplier has agreed to develop a microelectromechanical sensor for use in connection with 
Purchaser’s implantable leads and implantable powered devices to address impaired cardiac function and/or 
hypertension, in return for royalties on sales of products incorporating such sensors and payment of certain 
milestones; 
WHEREAS, Purchaser wishes to purchase from Supplier a supply of such sensors for incorporation by 
Purchaser into products for in human clinical studies and products for commercial sale; and 
WHEREAS, Supplier is willing to supply Purchaser with such sensors pursuant to the terms and conditions as 
set forth herein; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants and promises contained in this 
Agreement, Purchaser and Supplier hereby agree as follows: 
  
ARTICLE 1 
DEFINITIONS 
As used in this Agreement, capitalized terms not otherwise defined below shall have the meanings ascribed to such 
terms in the License Agreement, and the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: 
1.1 “Affiliate” means, with respect to a Party, any corporation or other business entity controlling, controlled by or 
under common control with such Party. The term “controlling” (with correlative meanings for the terms “controlled 
by” and “under common control with”) as used in this definition means either (a) possession of the direct or indirect 
ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting or income interest of the applicable corporation or other 
business entity, or (b) the ability, by contract or otherwise, to control the management of the applicable corporation 
or other business entity. 
1.2 “Certificate of Compliance” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 
1.3 “Change of Control” shall mean any of the following events: 
(a) A merger, consolidation, exchange, or reorganization to which Supplier is a party if the individuals and 
entities who were shareholders of Supplier immediately prior to the effective date of such transaction have, 
immediately following the effective date of such transaction, beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-
3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of less than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting 
power of all classes of securities issued by the surviving corporation for the election of directors of the 
surviving corporation; 
(b) Approval by the shareholders of Supplier of a plan of complete liquidation of Supplier or of an 
agreement for the sale or disposition by Supplier of all or substantially all Supplier’s assets; 
(c) The sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Supplier relating to the manufacture of any 
Supply Deliverable; 


Page 2:
(d) The acquisition after the date hereof, without prior approval by the “Continuity Directors” as such term 
is defined below, of direct or indirect beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934) of securities of Supplier representing, in the aggregate, 50% or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of Supplier’s then issued and outstanding securities by any person or 
entity or by a group of associated persons or entities acting in concert; 
(e) The acquisition after the date hereof of direct or indirect beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of securities of Supplier representing, in the aggregate, more 
than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of Supplier’s then issued and 
outstanding securities by any person or entity or by a group of associated persons or entities acting in 
concert; or 
(f) A change in the composition of the Board at any time after the date hereof such that the “Continuity 
Directors” cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board. For purposes of this event, 
“Continuity Directors” means those members of the Board who either: (i) were directors as of the date 
hereof; or (ii) were elected by, or on the nomination or recommendation of, 50% of the then-existing 
Continuity Directors. 
1.4 “[*] Specifications” means the specifications set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
1.5 “Confidential Information” means all information not publicly known that is disclosed by one party 
(“Discloser”) to the other party (“Recipient”) during the term of this Agreement (or in contemplation of it), 
including, without limitation, trade secrets, know-how, and information contained in or relating to designs, 
specifications, drawings, processes, technology, computer programs, products, pricing, costs, finances, personnel, 
suppliers, customers, markets and business and launch plans (but will not include information specifically excluded 
below). Disclosures may be made in any manner, including through written documents, magnetic media, electronic 
transmissions, verbal disclosures, visual presentations, and facility tours. The obligations of this Agreement will 
apply to all information which the Recipient knows or has reason to know or believe that the Discloser considers to 
be Confidential Information. Information will be excluded from Confidential Information if it (1) was already 
rightfully in the possession and control of the Recipient prior to its receipt from the Discloser, (2) is independently 
derived by the Recipient without the use of the Discloser’s Confidential Information, (3) is or becomes a matter of 
public knowledge (other than as a result of a disclosure by Recipient), or (4) is required to be disclosed under the 
operation of applicable law or regulation provided that the Recipient notifies the Discloser as soon as reasonably 
possible in order for the Discloser to take action to protect the Discloser’s Confidential Information. 
1.6 “Defective Product” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(a). 
1.7 “Exclusivity Period” shall have the meaning given to such term in the License Agreement. 
1.8 “FDA” means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor thereto having the 
administrative authority to regulate the marketing of medical devices in the United States. 
1.9 “FD&C Act” means the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and any regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
1.10 “Good Manufacturing Practice” or “GMP” means the then-current standards for the manufacture of medical 
devices, as set forth in the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and applicable regulations and guidance 
promulgated thereunder, and any other laws or regulations applicable to the manufacture of medical devices in any 
country. 
1.11 “Initial Cost” shall equal the average Manufacturing Cost of the first 500 units of Supply Deliverables 
delivered to Purchaser under this Agreement for use in products approved (in a form incorporating one or more 
Supply Deliverables) for commercial sale. 
1.12 “Manufacturing Cost” means the sum of the following, all of which shall be calculated on a per-unit basis and 
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, to the extent Supplier has 
delivered to Purchaser a written accounting showing the amount of each component of the following and, with 
respect to each component of subsection (c) below, the allocation basis and the manner in which it was calculated: 


Page 3:
(a) The amounts paid by Supplier to a Qualified Vendor for (i) providing raw materials and packaging 
materials for producing the Supply Deliverables, (ii) manufacturing, filling and/or finishing Supply 
Deliverables or any component thereof, (iii) transporting, storing, and insuring Supply Deliverables, and 
(iv) testing Supply Deliverables, including with respect to the foregoing, all taxes (other than income taxes) 
and customs duty charges imposed by governmental authorities with respect thereto, in each case to the 
extent paid by Supplier and not reimbursed or refunded or credited to Supplier by a Third Party, and net of 
amounts paid but refunded to Supplier or credited against amounts due from Supplier to Qualified Vendors 
(or the value of discounts or other benefits received by Supplier from Qualified Vendors) that provide 
goods or services to Supplier with respect to both Supply Deliverables and other Supplier projects; 
(b) The direct costs and charges incurred by Supplier in connection with the manufacture, filling, finishing, 
testing and transportation of the Supply Deliverables, including Supplier’s direct internal costs with respect 
thereto; and 
(c) A reasonable allocation of indirect labor, administration costs and facilities costs (including electricity, 
water, sewer, waste disposal, insurance, storage, property taxes and depreciation over the expected life of 
buildings and equipment) attributable to the Supply Deliverables (provided, that in no event will such 
allocation include any excess over 50% of the aggregate amount of such costs, as such costs are reflected in 
Supplier’s financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no cost, charge, or expense will be included in more than one of subsections (a), (b), 
and (c).  
  
1.13 “Qualified Vendor” means, with respect to a particular good or service provided to Supplier in connection 
with manufacturing Supply Deliverables hereunder, a Third Party provider of such good or service that meets the 
requirements set forth in Section 2.10(b). 
1.14 “Quality Control Procedures” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 
1.15 “Regulatory Authority” means the FDA in the United States and the equivalent regulatory authority or entity 
having the responsibility, jurisdiction, and authority to approve the manufacture, use, importation, packaging, 
labeling, marketing, and sale of medical devices in any country other than the United States. 
1.16 “Regulatory Standards” means (a) applicable standards of the International Standards Organization (“ISO”) 
and applicable ISO-certified processes; (b) other quality standards and quality assurance plans referenced in the 
Specifications; (c) laws and requirements of Regulatory Authorities referenced in the Specifications; and (d) any 
other applicable laws and requirements of Regulatory Authorities relating to the manufacture and supply of Supply 
Deliverables (or components thereof) by Supplier and Qualified Vendors and the incorporation of Supply 
Deliverables in medical devices within the Field for commercial sale. Regulatory Standards shall include without 
limitation GMP with respect to the Supply Deliverable (but not its component parts). 
1.17 “Specifications” shall mean the product characteristics, design requirements, processing, labeling, and 
packaging requirements, protocols and standards pertaining to the manufacture or supply of the Supply Deliverables. 
The Specifications shall include the characteristics, requirements and standards contained in the Work Plan, subject 
to modification as set forth in the Work Plan. The Specifications shall be fully documented as part of the 
Development Program, and may be modified and supplemented from time to time thereafter by mutual agreement of 
the Parties. 
1.18 “Supply Deliverables” means those MEMS sensors and any other sensor/capsule components of Supplier’s 
MEMS sensor technology, as described in the final Specifications as of completion of the Development Program (or 
thereafter as modified and supplemented by 
  
ARTICLE 2 
SUPPLY OBLIGATIONS 
2.1 Manufacture and Supply. Supplier agrees to manufacture (or have manufactured on its behalf by Qualified 
Vendors) and supply to Purchaser the amount of Supply Deliverables set forth on purchase orders submitted by 


Page 4:
Purchaser in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.3. During the Exclusivity Period, Supplier shall supply 
Supply Deliverables exclusively to Purchaser, and Supplier shall not manufacture (or have manufactured) any 
Supply Deliverables for the benefit of any party other than Purchaser. Purchaser shall use the Supply Deliverables 
supplied hereunder solely in the Field as part of Midic Licensed Products and shall not re-sell or distribute such 
Supply Deliverables on a stand-alone basis. 
2.2 Forecasts. No later than 3 months prior to the anticipated commercial launch date for the first Midic Licensed 
Product incorporating a Supply Deliverable, Purchaser shall provide a binding forecast of Purchaser’s requirements 
for the pre-launch period (e.g., any initial stocking orders). Thereafter, no later than the commencement of each of 
Purchaser’s fiscal quarters (referred to herein as a “fiscal quarter”), Purchaser shall furnish Supplier with a rolling 
forecast of its requirements of the Supply Deliverables for such fiscal quarter and each of the subsequent 3 fiscal 
quarters within the term of this Agreement. Such 3 quarter period shall be referred to herein as the “Forecast 
Period.” The first fiscal quarter of any forecast for a Forecast Period shall constitute a binding order under 
Section 2.3 for supply of the forecast amount of the Supply Deliverables during such fiscal quarter, and the 
remaining three (3) fiscal quarters of each forecast shall be treated as a non-binding estimate only. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, in any fiscal quarter, Supplier shall not be required to supply hereunder more than 50% of the lesser 
of (a) the last non-binding forecast with respect to such fiscal quarter; and (b) the second-to-last non-binding 
forecast with respect to such fiscal quarter; provided, that Defective Product replacements supplied under 
Section 3.3(c) and Supply Deliverables supplied pursuant to orders under Section 9.7 shall be ignored for purposes 
of determining the foregoing supply quantity obligation. In the event that orders for delivery of Supply Deliverables 
hereunder during a given fiscal quarter exceed in the aggregate 50% of the applicable non-binding forecast with 
respect to such fiscal quarter, then the Parties shall revise forecast. In any event, and without limiting in any way 
Supplier’s obligations hereunder, Supplier shall at all times use (and cause its vendors to use) commercially 
reasonable efforts to satisfy Purchaser’s orders for Supply Deliverables. Any and all forecasts provided by Purchaser 
to Supplier under this Agreement shall be sent to Supplier’s materials planning department. 
2.3 Orders. In conjunction with each binding forecast described in Section 2.2, Purchaser shall, and from time to 
time in addition to such forecasts Purchaser may, provide to Supplier written purchase orders specifying quantities 
and requested delivery date(s) of Supply Deliverables, as well as the location(s) to which the requested Supply 
Deliverables are to be shipped. Each order shall be deemed to have been accepted by Supplier unless rejected by 
Supplier by providing Purchaser with written notice of rejection within 5 business days after receipt; provided, 
however, that Supplier shall have no right to reject, and shall be deemed to have accepted, any order to the extent 
that (a) the aggregate quantity of Supply Deliverables ordered for delivery (pursuant to all orders under this 
Section 2.3, including the binding portion of the Forecast) during the applicable quarter is within the supply quantity 
obligation set forth in Section 2.2; and (b) the order requests delivery of Supply Deliverables to the specified 
delivery destination no earlier than 3 days after the date of the order. Any purchase orders submitted by Purchaser 
shall reference this Agreement and shall be governed exclusively by the terms contained herein. Any term or 
condition in any purchase order, confirmation, or other document furnished by Purchaser or Supplier that is in any 
way inconsistent with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement is hereby expressly rejected. No accepted 
order shall be modified or canceled except as provided herein or upon the mutual agreement of the parties. Mutually 
agreed change orders shall be subject to all provisions of this Agreement, whether or not the change order so states. 
Purchaser may in its sole discretion by written notice to Supplier cancel orders for and deliveries of any Supply 
Deliverables that are not delivered within 3 days after the delivery date specified in the accepted order or, if returned 
in accordance with Section 3.3(c), are not replaced within the time period specified in Section 3.3(c). In the event of 
such cancellation by Purchaser, Purchaser may then make appropriate and proportional adjustments to any 
outstanding orders and forecasts in light of any shortfalls in supply that relate to such cancellation. 
2.4 Requirements. Unless and until Purchaser is permitted to exercise the Back-Up Manufacturing Right, Purchaser 
shall purchase from Supplier one hundred percent (100%) of Purchaser’s requirements of Supply Deliverables for 
use in Midic Licensed Products in the Field, and Purchaser shall not manufacture itself, or obtain from any Affiliate 
or Third Party, any Supply Deliverables for use in Midic Licensed Products in the Field. 
2.5 Packaging and Labeling. All Products manufactured by Supplier shall be packaged and labeled in accordance 
with the Specifications and Purchaser’s written instructions. 
2.6 Delivery. Supplier shall have delivered to Purchaser or its designee, at the delivery destination and by the 
delivery date specified in such order, the specified quantity of Supply Deliverables conforming with the 


Page 5:
Specifications and that has been manufactured in accordance with the requirements set forth in this Agreement. 
Supplier shall report to Purchaser the occurrence of any event within or beyond its control which is likely to affect 
delivery of any order of Supply Deliverables. 
2.7 Shipping; Risk of Loss. All shipments will be made FCA (Incoterms 2000) the facility located within the 
United States of the Qualified Vendor that is responsible for final assembly of the Supply Deliverables, by a 
common carrier selected by Purchaser. Supplier shall assist Purchaser in obtaining best cost terms from such 
common carrier. Except as provided herein with respect to Defective Products, risk of loss as to Product shipped to 
Purchaser hereunder shall pass to Purchaser or the recipient designated by Purchaser (as applicable) upon delivery of 
such Product to the common carrier selected by Purchaser. 
2.8 Purchaser Materials. Purchaser and/or its agents or subcontractors shall provide Supplier with Purchaser 
Materials meeting the Specifications as necessary for the manufacture of Supply Deliverables. Supplier shall 
maintain a reasonable supply of Purchaser Materials in good condition as required to permit Supplier to satisfy its 
obligations hereunder and shall notify Purchaser at least 10 days prior to the date on which additional Purchaser 
Materials are required to satisfy orders hereunder. Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Supplier such 
quantities of Purchaser Materials as are specified in such notice no later than the date so required. Supplier shall 
maintain records with respect to the amount, location and usage of Purchaser Materials supplied by Purchaser and 
make such records available to Purchaser upon request. Supplier shall use the Purchaser Materials solely for the 
purpose of manufacturing Supply Deliverables for Purchaser. Supplier shall promptly notify Purchaser if any 
Purchaser Materials delivered hereunder fail to comply with the Specifications and shall at Purchaser’s request 
immediately make such Purchaser Materials available to a carrier selected by Purchaser for return to Purchaser at 
Purchaser’s expense. Any Purchaser Materials that fail to comply with the Specifications shall be replaced by 
Purchaser as soon as reasonably practicable and in no event later than 5 days after receipt of notice from Supplier. If, 
despite Supplier’s satisfaction of its obligations under this Section, Purchaser fails to timely deliver to Supplier 
Purchaser Materials that comply with the Specifications, Supplier’s obligation to deliver Supply Deliverables by the 
date specified in an order hereunder shall be tolled to the extent such delivery of Supply Deliverables cannot be 
made due to shortage of Purchaser Materials. Supplier will take no action that could result in a lien on or other 
encumbrance of, or that could otherwise compromise Purchaser’s ownership of, Purchaser Materials. Upon the 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, Supplier will return to Purchaser in good condition all Purchaser 
Materials not incorporated into Supply Deliverables supplied to Purchaser hereunder. 
2.9 Third-Party Manufacturers. 
(a) Within 5 days after the occurrence of the event specified in Section 4.1(b) of the License Agreement 
(the “Second Milestone”), Supplier shall (i) notify Purchaser in writing of the names of the Qualified 
Vendors that are then responsible for manufacturing Supply Deliverables and components thereof; and 
(ii) deliver information and provide access to Purchaser as reasonably necessary to verify each such 
manufacturer’s qualified status. At all times after 5 days after the occurrence of the Second Milestone, 
Supplier shall ensure that a minimum of 5 Qualified Vendors are obligated under effective written contracts 
(and ensure that such Qualified Vendors are available) to manufacture and supply Supply Deliverables in 
quantities sufficient to satisfy Purchaser’s requirements; provided, however, that a failure by Supplier to 
maintain at least 3 qualified Third Party manufacturers lasting shorter than 3 days shall not be considered to 
be a breach of this provision. In no event shall Supplier manufacture or assemble (or have manufactured or 
assembled by a third party) any Supply Deliverable, or any subcomponent of any Supply Deliverable, (x) in 
any country that is embargoed by the United States, as identified by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of 
the U.S. Department of Treasury; or (y) by any person listed on the Prohibited Parties Lists maintained by 
the U.S. Departments of Treasury, State and Commerce. Supplier shall comply in all material respects with 
its obligations under contracts with Qualified Vendors. 
(b) A manufacturer’s status as a Qualified Vendor shall be determined by Purchaser in good faith, based on 
such manufacturer’s compliance with Regulatory Standards and application of Purchaser’s standard vendor 
qualification procedures, including the following: Purchaser shall provide written notice with respect to the 
qualified status of manufacturers identified by Supplier. The name of each manufacturer that qualifies as a 
Qualified Vendor shall be deemed included in Exhibit B. 


Page 6:
ARTICLE 3 
QUALITY CONTROL; ACCEPTANCE AND REJECTION. 
3.1 Quality Control. Supplier shall maintain and follow, and shall cause its Third Party vendors to maintain and 
follow, a quality control and testing program that is consistent with the Regulatory Standards and the quality 
standards and quality assurance plans included in the Specifications (the “Quality Control Procedures”). Supplier 
shall supply to Purchaser Supply Deliverables that are manufactured in accordance with Regulatory Standards. Each 
shipment of Supply Deliverables delivered to Purchaser shall be accompanied by a written certificate of compliance, 
executed by an authorized officer of Supplier, confirming that the Supply Deliverables were manufactured in 
accordance with the Specifications and Regulatory Standards (“Certificate of Compliance”). 
3.2 Samples; Quality Control Audits. Supplier shall maintain, and shall cause its Third Party vendors to maintain, 
sample units for each batch of Supply Deliverables for a period of 10 years after Supplier delivers such Supply 
Deliverables to Purchaser, or longer if required by law. After such time period, Supplier shall notify Purchaser prior 
to the destruction or disposal of any sample units retained under this Section 3.2 and, if requested by Purchaser, 
Supplier shall deliver or cause to be delivered such sample units to Purchaser in lieu of such destruction or disposal, 
all at Purchaser’s expense. During the term of this Agreement, Purchaser shall have the right to audit, survey, or 
verify the adherence of Supplier and each Third Party vendor to the Quality Control Procedures and Regulatory 
Standards, all at Purchaser’s expense. In addition, upon reasonable advance written notice to Supplier, Purchaser 
shall have the right to have representatives or Regulatory Authorities visit the manufacturing facilities of Supplier 
and Third Party vendors during normal business hours to review Supplier’s and such vendors’ manufacturing 
operations, to assess compliance with Quality Control Procedures and Regulatory Standards, and to discuss any 
related issues with Supplier’s and such vendors’ manufacturing and management personnel. 
3.3 Acceptance and Rejection. 
(a) Purchaser may reject any Supply Deliverable delivered under this Agreement that does not comply with 
the warranties set forth in Section 6.2 (a “Defective Product”) by giving written notice of such Defective 
Products to Supplier within 5 days after receipt thereof. If Purchaser fails to so notify Supplier of any 
Defective Product within such period, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted the Product, subject to 
Section 3.3(b) and without otherwise limiting Purchaser’s remedies. 
(b) If, within [*] days after Purchaser’s initial acceptance, Purchaser discovers that an accepted Supply 
Deliverable is a Defective Product and that the nature of such defect was not visible upon reasonable 
physical inspection of such product within the time period set forth in Section 3.3(a), Purchaser may revoke 
its acceptance of such Defective Product by providing written notice to Supplier of such revocation. If 
Purchaser fails to so notify Supplier of any Defective Product within such 5 day period, Purchaser will be 
deemed to have irrevocably accepted the Product, without limiting Purchaser’s remedies (i) under 
Section 4.5 or Article 7 or (ii) otherwise available for Supplier’s breach of the warranty set forth in 
Section 6.2. 
(c) In notifying Supplier of Defective Product, Purchaser shall identify in reasonable detail the nature of the 
defect and Purchaser’s determination as to the cause of the defect. Supplier shall have a reasonable 
opportunity, not to exceed 10 days from receipt of notification, to review any materials provided by 
Purchaser to substantiate the existence of a Defective Product and to inspect its own stocks (if any) of 
Supply Deliverables. Supplier shall thereafter provide Purchaser with detailed written instructions to return 
or dispose of such Defective Product, subject to Section 3.4. If Supplier requests that Purchaser return 
allegedly Defective Product, Supplier shall immediately provide a Returned Material Authorization 
(“RMA”) number to Purchaser. Within 5 business days of its receipt of the RMA number, Purchaser shall 
return to Supplier the allegedly Defective Product, freight prepaid, in a shipping carton with the RMA 
number displayed on the outside of the carton. Supplier reserves the right to refuse to accept any allegedly 
Defective Products that do not bear an RMA number on the outside of the carton. Purchaser shall have no 
obligation to pay for any Supply Deliverable that is subject to a claim of non-compliance or defect made 
pursuant to this Section. Subject to Section 3.4, Supplier shall, within [*] weeks and at its expense, replace 
such Supply Deliverable (or, if acceptable to Purchaser, credit Purchaser with the transfer price paid by 
Purchaser in connection with such Supply Deliverable) and reimburse Purchaser for its costs incurred in 
connection with the shipment and return of the Defective Product. Purchaser shall not have the right to 


Page 7:
return any quantity of Supply Deliverables except for Defective Products subject to and in accordance with 
this Section 3.3(c). 
3.4 Independent Testing. If Supplier disagrees with Purchaser’s determination that certain units of Supply 
Deliverables are Defective Product, then either Party may submit such Supply Deliverables to an independent Third 
Party testing service, mutually and reasonably acceptable to both parties, for analytical testing to determine whether 
such Supply Deliverables are Defective Product. The Parties agree that such testing service’s determination shall be 
final and determinative. The Party against whom the Third Party testing service rules shall bear all costs of the Third 
Party testing. 
3.5 Specifications. Following the completion of the Development Program, if Supplier finds it necessary or 
desirable to change Specifications for any Supply Deliverable, or to change the design or production processes 
affecting the form, fit, function, performance, or chemical composition of any Supply Deliverable, Supplier will 
deliver notice to Purchaser and will not implement any such change without Purchaser’s prior written consent. If 
Purchaser finds it necessary or desirable to change Specifications for any Supply Deliverable, Purchaser will deliver 
notice to Supplier (“Purchaser’s Change Notice”).  
ARTICLE 4 
REGULATORY MATTERS 
4.1 Compliance with Laws. Supplier shall supply to Purchaser Supply Deliverables that are manufactured in 
compliance with all applicable present and future orders, regulations, requirements and laws of any and all federal, 
state, provincial and local authorities and agencies of the territory or territories where such Supply Deliverables are 
manufactured, including without limitation all laws and regulations of such territories applicable to the 
transportation, storage, use, handling and disposal of hazardous materials. Supplier shall obtain and maintain (and 
shall cause its vendors to obtain and maintain) all government permits, including without limitation health, safety 
and environmental permits, necessary for the conduct of the actions and procedures undertaken to supply Supply 
Deliverables during the term of this Agreement. 
4.2 Records. Supplier shall keep, or cause to be kept by Third Parties, complete, accurate and authentic accounts, 
notes, data, records and other documentation pertaining to the Quality Control Procedures and the manufacture, 
processing, testing, labeling, and storage of the Supply Deliverables, including without limitation master production 
and control records, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and as necessary to enable the sharing of 
manufacturing technology contemplated by the Back-Up Manufacturing Right. Supplier shall retain, or cause to be 
retained by Third Parties, such records for a period of 10 years following the date of manufacture, or longer if 
required by law, and upon request, shall make available to Purchaser and its representatives copies of such records. 
After such time period, Supplier shall notify Purchaser prior to the destruction or disposal of any records retained 
under this Section 4.2 and, if requested by Purchaser, Supplier shall deliver or cause to be delivered such records to 
Purchaser in lieu of such destruction or disposal, all at Purchaser’s expense. 
4.3 Customer Complaints. Purchaser shall be responsible for (i) managing all customer complaints or product 
inquires with respect to Midic Licensed Products, (ii) reporting such complaints or inquires to Regulatory 
Authorities and (iii) except as otherwise provided herein, all appropriate corrective action related thereto. Supplier 
shall, at Purchaser’s reasonable request, assist Purchaser in complying with Purchaser’s legal obligations pertaining 
to customer complaints and vigilance reporting. 
4.4 Adverse Events. Each Party agrees to notify the other Party in a timely manner of any adverse event, technical 
or clinical, which involves or may involve a Supply Deliverable supplied hereunder. Purchaser will have primary 
responsibility for receiving, investigating, reporting (if applicable) and responding to any adverse events relating to 
Midic Licensed Products and/or Supply Deliverables. Supplier agrees to provide Purchaser with all assistance 
reasonably requested by Purchaser to investigate the possibility that a Supply Deliverable failure, defect or 
nonconformity caused or contributed to any adverse event, to determine the cause of such Supply Deliverable 
failure, defect or nonconformity, and to develop a plan to assure that the cause of such failure, defect or 
nonconformity is eliminated. Purchaser shall reimburse out-of-pocket costs incurred by Supplier in connection with 
such assistance, unless the adverse event is conclusively determined to have been caused by a Supply Deliverable 


Page 8:
failure, defect or nonconformity (excluding any failure, defect or nonconformity in the Purchaser Materials or any 
design defect in the Supply Deliverable). 
  
4.5 Recall. In the event that a Midic Licensed Product is recalled, Purchaser shall so notify Supplier, and Supplier 
shall promptly provide Purchaser with such assistance in connection with such recall as may be reasonably 
requested by Purchaser.  
ARTICLE 5 
PRICES AND PAYMENT. 
5.1 Price. Purchaser shall pay Supplier a transfer price for the Supply Deliverables equal to: (a) during the 
Exclusivity Period, the Manufacturing Cost for such Supply Deliverables; and (b) at all other times, the lesser of 
(i) 2 times of the Manufacturing Cost for such Supply Deliverables and (ii) 4 times the Initial Cost. At all times 
during the term of this Agreement, Supplier shall use all reasonable efforts to minimize the amount of Initial Cost 
and Manufacturing Cost with respect to all Supply Deliverables. 
5.2 Invoice and Payment. Supplier shall provide to Purchaser a written invoice for each shipment of Supply 
Deliverables delivered to Purchaser; each such invoice shall contain an accounting of the components of Initial Cost 
and Manufacturing Cost (as appropriate) for such Supply Deliverables in such detail as is reasonably necessary for 
Purchaser to evaluate the calculation thereof. All payments due hereunder to Supplier shall be paid in U.S. Dollars 
and payment terms shall be net [*] days following Purchaser’s receipt of the applicable invoice. All payments due 
hereunder shall be made to an account designated by Supplier. 
5.3 Sharing of Cost Savings. Within 5 days after the delivery to Purchaser of the 100 unit of a Supply Deliverable 
for use in a product approved (in a form incorporating one or more Supply Deliverables) for commercial sale, 
Supplier shall calculate the Initial Cost and notify Purchaser of such Initial Cost in writing, showing in reasonable 
detail the calculation of each component of such Initial Cost. Within 5 days after the end of each fiscal quarter 
thereafter, Supplier shall calculate the Manufacturing Cost of units of such Supply Deliverable delivered to 
Purchaser during such fiscal quarter and notify Purchaser of such Manufacturing Cost in writing, showing in 
reasonable detail the calculation of each component of such Manufacturing Cost (each such notification, a “Cost 
Notice”). Purchaser shall pay Supplier, for each such fiscal quarter, a bonus payment calculated as follows: 
Bonus Payment = 10% Mfg. Cost + 0.1% sales 
Such bonus payment shall accompany Purchaser’s royalty payment under Section 4.4 of the License Agreement if 
Supplier has timely delivered the notices referred to above and shall be payable no earlier than 5 days after the date 
Purchaser receives a Cost Notice. No bonus payment will be owed by Purchaser (and no refund of the transfer price 
will be owed by Supplier) if the Manufacturing Cost is greater than the Initial Cost. 
5.4 Records; Audit. Supplier shall maintain complete and accurate records relevant to the calculation of the Initial 
Cost and any Manufacturing Cost relied on as a basis for a transfer price for Supply Deliverables or bonus payment 
hereunder. Records with respect to any such transfer price or bonus payment shall be retained for a period of 10 
years from the date of Supplier’s invoice or notice of payment that relies on such transfer price or bonus payment in 
calculating amounts due, or for any longer period of time required by applicable law. Supplier shall make such 
records available during reasonable business hours for examination (but not more than once per calendar year) by an 
independent certified public accountant selected by Purchaser that is subject to confidentiality and non-use 
obligations reasonably acceptable to Supplier, for the sole purpose of evaluating Supplier’s determination of any 
Initial Cost and Manufacturing Cost under this Agreement. The auditing expense shall be paid by Purchaser; 
provided, however, that if the audit reveals an overpayment by Purchaser in excess of [*], Supplier shall bear and 
promptly reimburse Purchaser for the accounting expense. In any case, Supplier shall make any and all payments 
necessary to Purchaser to correct any overpayment by Purchaser. Any records or accounting information received 
from Supplier or its Affiliates shall be Confidential Information of Supplier for purposes of Article 8. Results of any 
such audit shall be provided to both Parties, subject to Section 8. 
  
  
ARTICLE 6 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 


Page 9:
6.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as 
follows: 
(a) Due Authorization. Such Party has taken all necessary action on its part to authorize the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. 
(b) Enforcement of Obligations. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such 
Party, and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against such Party in accordance with 
its terms. 
(c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of such Party’s 
obligations hereunder do not conflict with, or constitute a default or require any consent under, any 
contractual obligation of such Party. 
6.2 Manufacturing Warranty. Supplier warrants to Purchaser that all Supply Deliverables supplied hereunder 
shall: (a) conform to the Specifications (including any shelf life or durability requirements set forth therein) as such 
Specifications exist as of the time of delivery hereunder; and (b) have been manufactured in compliance with this 
Agreement; and (c) be free from defects in design, materials and workmanship; and (d) not be adulterated or 
misbranded within the meaning of the FD&C Act; provided, however that (i) Supplier makes no warranty with 
respect to the Purchaser Materials; and (ii) Supplier shall have no warranty obligation under Section 6.2(a) with 
respect to any Supply Deliverable that is modified, altered, transported, stored or used after the date of delivery 
hereunder in a manner inconsistent in any material respect with the Specifications. Except as provided in Sections 
4.4 and 4.5 and Article 7, Supplier’s sole liability and Purchaser’s sole remedy for breach of the foregoing warranty 
shall be limited to the actions and procedures set forth in Section 3.3(c). 
6.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of Supplier. 
(a) Supplier represents and warrants that no person or entity that has been debarred by the FDA or other 
Regulatory Authority, or, to the best of its knowledge, is or has been the subject of investigation or 
debarment proceedings by the FDA or other Regulatory Authority, will be involved in the performance of 
Supplier’s obligations under this Agreement. 
(b) Supplier represents and warrants that it has not entered, and shall not enter, into any agreement or 
arrangement with any other entity that would conflict with, or prevent or in any way interfere with 
Supplier’s performance of its obligations pursuant to, the terms of this Agreement. 
6.4 Disclaimer of Warranty. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE 
WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES. 
ARTICLE 7 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
7.1 Indemnity by Supplier. Supplier agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Purchaser and its Affiliates and 
sublicensees, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (collectively, the 
“Purchaser Indemnitees”) from and against and in respect of any and all demands, claims, actions or causes of 
action, assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, interest and penalties, costs and expenses arising out of a Third 
Party claim (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred in connection therewith, 
and any amounts or expenses required to be paid or incurred in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, claim, 
appeal, demand, assessment or judgment) (collectively, “Losses”) resulting from, arising out of, or imposed upon or 
incurred by any person to be indemnified hereunder by reason of: (a) any breach of representation, warranty, or 
agreement on the part of Supplier under this Agreement; (b) any negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of 
Supplier, its agents, employees or its suppliers hereunder; (c) personal injury and property damages, and costs and 
expenses related thereto that occur during production (i.e. the formulation, fabrication, or manufacturing) of a 
Supply Deliverable by or for Supplier or for claims based on violations of federal, state or local laws or regulations 


Page 10:
(including those applicable to employee or environmental protection) in connection with such production (e.g., a 
claim based on Supplier’s violations of environmental standards or standards dealing with providing a safe place to 
work or the maintenance of hazardous materials); or (d) personal injury, recall, adverse event or property damage 
resulting from the failure of a Supply Deliverable to meet any Specification or due to a defect in materials or 
workmanship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Supplier shall not be obligated hereunder to indemnify the Purchaser 
Indemnitees to the extent Losses result from (i) any breach of representation, warranty, or agreement on the part of 
Purchaser under this Agreement; (ii) the negligence or willful misconduct of any Purchaser Indemnitee; or (iii) a 
defect in design, materials or workmanship in the Purchaser Materials or a failure of the Purchaser Materials to 
conform with the [*] Specifications; (iv) allegations that the Purchaser Materials infringe or misappropriate the 
Intellectual Property of a Third Party; or (v) modification, alteration, transport, storage or use of the Supply 
Deliverables after the date of delivery hereunder in a manner inconsistent in any material respect with the 
Specifications. 
7.2 Indemnity by Purchaser. Purchaser agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Supplier and its Affiliates 
and sublicensees, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (collectively, 
the “Supplier Indemnitees”) from and against any Losses resulting from, arising out of, or imposed upon or 
incurred by any person to be indemnified hereunder by reason of: (a) personal injury, recall, adverse event or 
property damage resulting from use of a Purchaser device incorporating any Supply Deliverable, provided such 
Supply Deliverable (exclusive of the Purchaser Materials) conformed to the Specifications and did not contain a 
defect in materials or workmanship; (b) a defect in design, materials or workmanship in the Purchaser Materials or a 
failure of the Purchaser Materials to conform with the Specifications; (c) allegations that the Purchaser Materials 
infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of a Third Party; or (d) the modification, alteration, transport, 
storage or use of the Supply Deliverables after the date of delivery hereunder in a manner inconsistent in any 
material respect with the Specifications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall not have any obligation to 
indemnify the Supplier Indemnitees with respect to any matters for which the Purchaser Indemnitees are entitled to 
indemnification pursuant to Section 7.1. 
   
7.3 Indemnification Procedures. If a claim by a Third Party is made against any indemnified party, and if the 
indemnified party intends to seek indemnity with respect thereto under this Article 7, such indemnified party shall 
promptly notify the indemnifying party of such claim; provided, however, that failure to give timely notice shall not 
affect the rights of the indemnified party except to the extent the indemnifying party has been prejudiced by such 
failure. Except to the extent that the claim relates to patent rights of the indemnified party, in which case the Parties 
shall mutually agree on the assumption of defense, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to settle or assume the 
defense of such claim, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, as 
provided below. If the indemnifying party elects to settle or defend such claim, it shall notify the indemnified party 
within 10 days (but in no event less than 5 days before any pleading, filing or response on behalf of the indemnified 
party is due) of its intent to do so. If the indemnifying party elects not to settle or defend such claim or fails to notify 
the indemnified party of its election within 10 days (or such shorter period as provided above) after receipt of the 
indemnified party’s notice of a claim of indemnity hereunder, the indemnified party shall have the right to contest, 
settle or compromise the claim without prejudice to any rights to indemnification hereunder. Regardless of which 
party is controlling the settlement or defense of any claim, (i) both the indemnified party and indemnifying party 
shall act in good faith, (ii) the indemnifying party shall not thereby permit to exist any lien upon any asset of any 
indemnified party or of its Affiliates without the consent of the indemnified party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall 
permit the indemnified party to participate in such settlement or defense through counsel chosen by the indemnified 
party, provided that all fees, costs and expenses of such counsel in an action controlled by the indemnifying party 
shall be borne by the indemnified party, unless the indemnifying party and indemnified party have different 
available defenses to such third-party claim, in which case such fees, costs and expenses shall be borne by the 
indemnifying party, and (iv) no entry of judgment or settlement of a claim may be agreed to without the written 
consent of both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party, which consents shall not be unreasonably 
withheld (unless such judgment or settlement is solely for money damages which the indemnifying party has 
demonstrated an ability to pay or will have no continuing effect in any material respect on the business of the 
indemnified party). So long as the indemnifying party is reasonably contesting any such claim in good faith as 
permitted herein, the indemnified party shall not pay or settle any such claim. The controlling party shall deliver, or 
cause to be delivered, to the other party copies of all correspondence, pleadings, motions, briefs, appeals or other 
written statements submitted in connection with the settlement or defense of any such claim, and timely notices of, 
and the right to participate pursuant to (iii) above in any hearing or other court proceeding relating to such claim. 


Page 11:
ARTICLE 8 
CONFIDENTIALITY. 
8.1 Confidentiality. The Parties agree that any Confidential Information of a Party disclosed by such Party to the 
other Party under this Agreement shall be treated the same as Confidential Information disclosed under the License 
Agreement and shall be subject to the same rights and obligations of the Parties under Article 6 of the License 
Agreement (even following termination thereof, as provided therein). Supplier shall be permitted to disclose 
Purchaser’s Confidential Information on a need-to-know basis to its Qualified Vendors who are obligated to keep 
such information confidential pursuant to written agreements with Supplier, provided that Supplier causes each of its 
Qualified Vendors who is provided access to Purchaser’s Confidential Information to comply with Supplier’s 
confidentiality and non-use obligations with respect to such Confidential Information as if such Qualified Vendor 
were a party hereto. After the occurrence of a Triggering Event, Purchaser shall be permitted to disclose Supplier’s 
Confidential Information (including any information of Suppliers’ vendors disclosed by Supplier or its vendors to 
Purchaser, and specifically any information placed in escrow) on a need-to-know basis to its vendors who are 
obligated to keep such information confidential pursuant to written agreements with Purchaser, provided that 
Purchaser causes each of its vendors who is provided access to Supplier’s Confidential Information to comply with 
Purchaser’s confidentiality and non-use obligations with respect to such Confidential Information as if such vendor 
were a party hereto. 
  
  
ARTICLE 9 
TERM AND TERMINATION. 
  
9.1 Term. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated as 
permitted under this Article 9. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the execution by Purchaser of that certain Series C 
Stock Purchase Agreement with Supplier and the purchase by Purchaser of Supplier’s Series C shares in accordance 
with the terms therein shall be express conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and the Parties’ 
rights hereunder. 
9.2 Material Breach. Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other 
Party if the other Party commits any material breach of this Agreement that such breaching Party fails to cure within 
sixty (60) days following written notice from the nonbreaching Party specifying such breach. 
9.3 Relationship to License Agreement. Unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing, this Agreement will 
terminate immediately upon the termination of the Development Program prior to completion or the termination of 
the License Agreement. 
9.4 Post-Exclusivity. After the expiration of the Exclusivity Period, Purchaser shall have the right to terminate this 
Agreement by delivering written notice to Supplier at least sixty (60) days prior to effectiveness of termination. 
9.5 By Supplier. Supplier shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice to Supplier at 
least two hundred seventy (270) days prior to effectiveness of termination (subject to Purchaser’s last-time buy 
rights as set forth in Section 9.8). Upon such termination, Purchaser would be permitted to exercise the Back-Up 
Manufacturing Right. 
   
9.6 Purchaser’s Last-Time Buy Rights. During the 15 days after receipt of notice of termination by Supplier 
pursuant to Section 9.4(a) or during the 10 days immediately prior to effectiveness of termination by Supplier 
pursuant to Section 9.6, Midic may in its sole discretion submit a single order for Supply Deliverables, which order 
shall be deemed accepted by Supplier to the extent the number of units of Supply Deliverables so ordered does not 
exceed, in the aggregate, 3 times the number of units of Supply Deliverables purchased by Purchaser during the 
period immediately preceding the month in which such order is submitted. Supplier shall satisfy any such order as 
soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event, Supplier shall deliver 2/3 of the number of units of Supply 
Deliverables ordered pursuant to this Section over a period no longer than 10 days after the date of such order and 
shall deliver all Supply Deliverables ordered pursuant to this Section over a period no longer than 10 days after the 
date of such order.  


Page 12:
ARTICLE 10 
GENERAL TERMS. 
10.1 Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. 
(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware without reference to the choice of law principles thereof. Subject to Section 10.1(b), and without 
limiting the rights of the parties to pursue in any appropriate jurisdiction their respective rights with respect 
to any judgment obtained in respect hereof, the parties hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue of any United States court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of 
Minnesota and/or the state courts located in Anoka County therein to adjudicate any legal action 
commenced in respect of this Agreement and waive any objections either may have at any time to such 
jurisdiction and venue. The parties agree to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and agree that service of 
process may be made pursuant to notice sent in accordance with Section 10.5. 
(b) Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be referred first to the President of Supplier and the 
President of Midic Cardiac Rhythm Management or his or her designee (each a “Relationship Manager”) 
within [*] business days after receipt of a notice from either Party specifying the nature of the dispute and 
referencing this Section. Each Relationship Manager shall make a good faith attempt to begin discussions 
regarding such dispute in person or by telephone with the other Relationship Manger within [*] business 
days of a dispute being referred to him or her. The Relationship Managers shall meet as often as the Parties 
reasonably deem necessary in order to gather and furnish to the other all information with respect to the 
matter in issue which the Parties believe to be appropriate and germane in connection with its resolution. 
The Relationship Managers shall discuss the problem and negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve the 
dispute without the necessity of any formal proceeding.  
10.2 Use of Name. No right, express or implied, is granted by this Agreement to either Party to use in any manner 
the name of the other or any other trade name or trademark of the other. 
10.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY 
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR 
RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
10.4 Independent Parties. The Parties are not employees or legal representatives of the other Party for any purpose. 
Neither Party shall have the authority to enter into any contracts in the name of or on behalf of the other Party. 
10.5 Notice. All notices, including notices of address change, required or permitted to be given under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been received (a) when received if hand delivered, (b) four 
(4) days after being sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, (c) one (1) business day after being sent by overnight 
courier, or (d) when received if sent by confirmed facsimile, in each case sent to the address or facsimile number set 
forth below: (or any updated addresses communicated to the other Party in writing) 
  
If to Supplier: 
  
Cimens, Inc. 
75 Central Street, N.W., Suite 400 
Atlanta, GA 30308 
Attention: CEO 
If to Purchaser: 
  
Midic, Inc. 
710 Second Parkway, N.E. 
Minneapolis, MN 55432 
Attention: General Counsel 
  
10.6 Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the valid or 
enforceable portion thereof and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 
10.7 Waiver. Any waiver (express or implied) by either Party of any breach of this Agreement shall not constitute a 
waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 


Page 13:
10.8 Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement and the exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire, final, 
complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties and supersede all previous agreements or representations, 
written or oral, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including without limitation the Confidential 
Disclosure Agreement between the Parties dated April 27, 2005 and the Confidential Disclosure Agreement between 
the Parties dated June 24, 2002. All information to be kept confidential under such earlier confidentiality agreement 
as of the Effective Date shall be maintained as Confidential Information by the receiving Party under the obligations 
set forth in Article 8 of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed 
by a duly authorized representative of each Party. 
10.9 Nonassignability; Binding on Successors. Any attempted assignment of the rights or delegation of the 
obligations under this Agreement shall be void without the prior written consent of the nonassigning or 
nondelegating Party; provided, however, that either Party may assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this 
Agreement without such consent (i) to an Affiliate of such Party or (ii) to its successor in interest in connection with 
any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets, or the sale or transfer of the business 
relating to the subject matter hereof, of such Party. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit 
of, the successors, executors, heirs, representatives, administrators and permitted assigns of the Parties hereto. 
  
  
10.10 Excused Performance. 
(a) If a Party is prevented from performing its obligations hereunder (other than the obligation to pay 
money that has come due pursuant to this Agreement) solely as a result of a strike, riot, war, invasion, act 
of God, fire, explosion, flood, act of government agency or instrumentality, judicial action, or similar event 
or condition, in each case which is outside the reasonable control of such party and which did not exist and 
was not reasonably foreseeable as of the date hereof (a “Force Majeure”), such Party’s performance 
hereunder will be temporarily excused as provided in this Section, only by the degree affected and after 
such Party has taken (and so long as such Party continues to take) all reasonable action to avoid being so 
affected; provided, that such party delivers to the other party written notice promptly upon learning of such 
event or condition, which notice shall include a detailed description of the event or condition and the 
anticipated effect on such Party’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder, as well as a reasonably 
detailed description of specific actions such Party plans to take to resume full performance hereunder. 
(b) Upon giving notice to the other Party, a Party affected by a Force Majeure shall be excused from the 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement as described in Section 10.10(a), except for the 
obligation to pay any amounts due and owing hereunder, but only to the extent and only for the period (not 
to exceed [*]) that its performance of such obligations is prevented by such Force Majeure. If Supplier is 
the Party affected by the Force Majeure and has not fully resumed performance by the end of such period, 
Purchaser shall be entitled to exercise the Back-Up Manufacturing Right pursuant to Section 2.4(e) of the 
License Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect Purchaser’s right to cancel purchase orders as 
provided in Section 2.3 or Purchaser’s right to exercise the Back-Up Manufacturing Right under Sections 
2.4(a) or 2.4(b) of the License Agreement. 
(c) During the period that the performance by one of the Parties of its obligations under this Agreement has 
been suspended by reason of an event of Force Majeure, the other Party may likewise suspend the 
performance of all or part of its obligations hereunder (other than the obligation to pay money that has 
come due pursuant to this Agreement) to the extent that such suspension is commercially reasonable. 
  
  
10.11 Publicity. In the event either party proposes to issue any press release or public announcement concerning any 
provisions of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, such party shall so advise the other party 
hereto, and the parties shall thereafter use their reasonable best efforts to cause a mutually agreeable release or 
announcement to be issued. Neither party will publicly disclose or divulge any provisions of this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby without the other parties’ written consent, except as may be required by applicable 
law (including applicable SEC rules and regulations) or stock exchange regulation; provided that, prior to disclosure 
of any provision of this Agreement to any governmental agency or stock exchange, the parties shall cooperate to 
seek confidential treatment or other applicable limitations on the public availability of any information that either of 
the parties considers sensitive or confidential. 


Page 14:
10.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed 
an original and all of which shall constitute together the same instrument. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Supply Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
  
CIMENS, INC. 
 
 MIDIC, INC. 
By:
 David Ross 
 
 
By: 
 Michael Davis 
Name: David Ross 
Name:  Michael Davis 
Title: CEO 
Title:  CFO 
Date: 11/17/2015 
Date:  11/17/2015 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  


Page 15:
EXHIBIT A 
PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
Product ID 
Product 
Current Consumption (uA) 
Price Per Thousand Unit 
Lead Time 
(days) 
YU48923408 
3-axis sensor 
130 
$2.95 
3-5 
YU48342024 
3-axis sensor 
150 
$3.00 
3-5 
YU48935636 
3-axis sensor 
170 
$3.00 
3-5 
YU48926455 
3-axis sensor 
190 
$3.05 
3-5 
YU48925334 
3-axis sensor 
250 
$3.10 
3-5 
YU48926344 
6-axis sensor 
170 
$3.10 
3-5 
YU44323408 
6-axis sensor 
190 
$3.10 
3-5 
YU65923408 
6-axis sensor 
250 
$3.25 
3-5 
YU25345892 
9-axis senor 
170 
$3.15 
7-10 
YU23902184 
9-axis senor 
190 
$3.15 
7-10 
YU65302919 
9-axis sensor 
250 
$3.50 
7-10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Page 16:
 
  
EXHIBIT B 
QUALIFIED VENDORS 
 
 
California 
o XXfer, Inc.  
o XXme, Inc 
o XXion, Inc. 
 
Georgia 
o XXma, Inc.  
o XXtion, Inc.  
o XXon, Inc. 


